Stitch: Privacy Policy




Digital ShowroomHubAcademyBlogResourcesResourcesBlogResourcesLink 3ResourcesHeadingCopyHeadingCopyHeadingCopyHeadingCopyBook a DemoPrivacy PolicyThis privacy notice (“Privacy Notice”) applies to you and your personal data collected through this website (“Website”) by Stitch Digital B.V as the owner of the Website (“Stitch”, “we” or “us”).This Privacy Notice explains how Stitch as data controller uses the information (“Personal Data”) that it collects and processes from you as part of the online services it provides through the Website, or through your interaction with Stitch through email or other means. We are committed to maintaining your privacy.‍1. Information We Collect And WhyWe will use your Personal Data which you submit through this Website for the following purposes:‍‍To answer to your contact request and provide you requested information about our business and services‍Our Website offers various purposes to get in contact with us. For example, you can contact us to request information about our different business and services, or to request a demo of our Digital Showroom. You can also submit open questions or requests by clicking the option “Chat with us”. Only when you request to get in contact with us or we have legitimate interest in our part, we may collect your name, email address, business information (such as your job title and/or company) and / or your mobile phone number , or other information that may be necessary to respond and to fulfil the purpose for which you got in contact with us.‍For newsletters, general marketing, promotional messages and/or active links in emails‍If you agree or we have a legitimate interest on our part, we will collect your name, email address and / or your mobile phone number in order to send you our newsletter and other advertising communications. Please note that you can unsubscribe from the newsletter or promotional messages at any time using the “Unsubscribe” or “Unsubscribe” button at the end of every email, or by asking us to do so using the contact details given below or in the relevant advertising message.‍For personalized experience and enhancing the online experience, and to maintain and improve the functionality of of our websites‍When you visit our websites, we place cookies, pixels and other digital tools with similar functionality (” cookies “) on your browser or device that allow us to better understand your behavior and your experience with our Website.We may also place cookies on your browser or device to improve the design and functioning of our websites, and to ensure the technical and functional administration of our websites.We will participate in this activity if we have a legitimate interest. Our use of cookies, pixels and other digital tools with similar functionality is detailed in our cookie notice here, explained in more detail.‍2. Who Has Access To Your Personal Data?Your Personal Data is processed exclusively by our authorized employees and/or by external companies:1. Our employees may have access to the Personal Data. In such a case, access will be granted only if necessary for the purposes described above and only if the employee is bound by an obligation of confidentiality;2. Our service providers who administer our websites as well as marketing and promotions, and other business needs such as support data hosting, data analysis, information security and technology and related infrastructure provisioning, marketing services and other business purposes.3. We may share your Personal Data if required to do so by law or court order, for example with law enforcement agencies or other governmental agencies.‍3. How Long Will We Keep Your Personal Data?Your Personal Data is retained no longer than is necessary to achieve the purpose for which we collect and use them, or if we have a legitimate interest to do so.In case you’ve opted-in to receive direct marketing such as newsletters promotional or marketing communications, the data that we need to send you these communications will be used by us until you unsubscribe accordingly.‍4. What Measures Does Stitch Take To Protect Your Personal Data?We have taken appropriate technical, and organizational (security) measures to protect the Personal Data it processes against accidental or unlawful processing, such as unauthorized access, disclosure, damage or loss of personal data.‍5. Do We Transfer Your Personal Data To A Country Outside The EU?In the context of the provision of our services, it may also be necessary for Personal Data to be transferred to third parties outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For example, Personal Data can be transferred to group companies located outside the EEA, if we use services from third parties outside the EEA, such as the hosting services of the Website, or if we are obliged to provide its information to foreign authorities.It is possible that the regulations of the countries the third parties are located in provide a different level of (legal) data protection as in the EEA. We will take the measures based on applicable law that are necessary to ensure the lawful transfer of your Personal Data.In most cases, such a transfer will be governed by a contract based on the standard contractual clauses for data transfer, approved by the European Commission (European Model Clauses).‍6. What Rights Can You Exercise In Relation To Your Personal Data?If you have any questions related to this Privacy Notice, please contact us using the details set out below. Through these contact details you can also request access, rectification, erasure, restriction or portability of your personal data. If you are not satisfied with the way we use your personal data, you can make a complaint with us through the contact details below and/or with the Data Protection Authority.‍7. Questions And ComplaintsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, want to exercise your rights as described above or if you have a complaint, you can send us an e-mail to community@stitch.fashion.‍8. Changes To This Privacy NoticeWe may update this Privacy Notice from time to time. These changes will be announced on the Website.‍Never miss a beatExpert tips, video tutorials, product updates and more on:© 2022 Stitch Digital B.V. All rights reserved.Privacy PolicyCookie PolicyCareers







